It turns out to be this treasure chest man
Mr. Hua, this is Mr. Hua
Could it be that Ji Huahua, who went to Beijing to make an appointment, was working under Dongfang?
He has great power. You, Sister Tang, are all in his hands.
He will also play me to death no matter what identity this woman is
It must be okay tonight, but you can adapt well, okay, but could it be that Dongfang's most advantageous war-chan has an evil spirit?
I'm fine with the hatred
Big Brother has more lives in his hands than you have ever seen.
I want to die and dare to listen to ghosts
Laugh away and save me. I don’t want to be worthy of him or me.
You and Mr. Hua
Can I please let him go?
You're not dead at all
Then I say let my brother go
You said you like me
I beg you to save me
let me go
Mr. Hua and Brother Hao
It's all you who I can't help you with
Just be patient
Just a bowl of people
Yes, please bear with me for a while
We will come to see you tomorrow, Brother Ha
In your long term
This is done for you
He called Tiancheng
What's the use of calling him?
However, except for Dongwang and Beijiang God King,
And the atmosphere under their hands
It’s better if no one inspires you
I want to see what kind of harmful people I can bite
You, call me
I want to make this woman give up
Hey, stick, stick, stick
Come to Juhuang Kaidi to do good things for dad and dad
You are in danger
Let's go and save you after work.
How long do I have to wait?
I'm in a hurry, where are we?
You bite you
He bit someone just now
Is it awesome? Is it awesome?
If it's awesome
Let's just play with him
Talk about that
I'll kill Mr. Hua immediately when I see him
The person he is far from is a loser
One of your wasted fingers
He can't even compare
Yes Mr. Hua
The person he called
It's just the irritating trash of Mr. Shangxin.
Money is a waste
I thought we could take our time and play around
This is less
You said you wanted to live my life
Money is a waste
Okay, give it to him and we won’t wait.
you can start
Well, wait no more